Metallica
pharmica dressed in black on the spot
with the hat
333 walking over the bodies they took
too much hot purple I got the Boogie I'm
out of
here going weed in the graveyard purple
and green The Chariot Twin Dragons draw
just burn a Nike it's h fire hold me
tight every day and every night with a
black freef case full of venomous things
the Muse of Oria leaving bodies in the
street Antonia's will she Harvest Your
Dreams shop doctor War of the words War
of the Worlds maple syrup cup of sugar
flowing over with the frankincense and M
from the house of on the
hill Medusa cut them R call
Bo no can do it like I came call me the
boie welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is initiating apocalypse and I have the
final in a series for you tonight right
this is the great climax I'm going to
bring to
you Thomas in all of his glory that's
right we're going to get some meatman I
know that people have been asking me to
see meatman again bring him on back
we're going to bring back but tonight
what we're going to do is we're going to
go to one specific location within the
black
Bible
now I call it that because this is the
Bible before the Bible was
censored you see the Christians had all
these documents they were reading these
documents and they didn't
distinguish between the acts of Thomas
and the gospels that you know in love
today no they didn't so what I am doing
is I am using those documents that the
people looked at before the councils met
and said hey we're not good going to use
this and this and that and oh my god did
you see what's in that one right and
they pushed it out so I am going to take
you back in time tonight when that
hadn't happened when people were just
reading they were reading and what were
they reading the acts of
Thomas the AXS of Thomas now all of this
everybody here knows it right you know
what it's all about it's all about the
mystery and showing you the mystery I'm
going to show it to you in a way it's
absolutely gorgeous tonight you're going
to be seeing the early Christians do it
right now if you are a so-called
Christian here tonight um this is not
your people right you are a different
Beast Al together in Antiquity we are
talking about Christianity is a
functioning Mystery Dude they are doing
things that you do not that you do not
of course part of this is the drugs Ryan
part of this is the
[Music]
music part of it is the
initiation and the opening of the eyes
isn't that nice isn't that nice part of
it is being born
again part of it is having ionic
life uh oh god let's see him doing it
man I love these Christians man I want
to see them I want to see the actual
Christians doing actual things satanic
congregation and by the way thank you
for waiting an extra hour tonight I
appreciate that I appreciate that but
satanic congregation you know how it is
I'm talking directly to you you know how
it is we're going to
bring the ride out and we're going to
profane it and that is what you love
doing here it is called
profanation that's why blasphemy is so
so
delicious because it takes your sacred
and exposes it and that's what we're
here to do ride Christ and Antichrist it
all makes sense scientifically kiddos
eat your vegetables here we go are you
uh let's go in early tonight I want to
give you look flash this up there and
shock people oh by the way those of you
with weak stomachs be careful tonight
it's not just meat man we're looking at
what am I gonna do
everybody everybody gets a ticket to
hell isn't it gonna be nice not just
hell right but within hell Tartarus wo
we're going in deep we're going to go to
where they keep the offenders
and you know how we're going to get
there that's right that's right we're
going to take somebody and we're going
to send them
there as a
messenger and we're going to suck out
the information that we can have from
across the Great veil of death we're
going to bring her back and when we
bring her back and we all see her we are
all born again again do you understand
this is what we are doing whether we're
in
ausus in Athens the home of the
Virgin the place of
Justice right we're either going to be
there we can be elsewhere we can be
elsewhere performing the mystery right
this is real
Christianity this is real christing to
every Christian out there please ask
someone what is a Christ ask him
fantastic fantastic look there he is
there he is right now where we going
though don't get all happy here Jesus
because we're going straight to Hell
tonight let's just you know forget about
this take off our skin we're going
straight to hell open up with the number
one what is that what is it I'm bring
you I'm bringing you the story of the
young kid who killed the
girl oh God is this this is going to get
us to yeah this is going to get us the
okay here it's a story tonight it's
fitting for the time of Fe people right
the story of the young guy who killed
the young girl now let's see what
happens let's see what happens in this
story oh god there was this kid right
and he had done this terrible thing he
comes in and he takes the Eucharist and
he puts it in his own mouth and right
away his hands are paralyzed he can't
even reach up to his own
face okay this see this is what happens
when you mess around with drug using
Quantum time and space Surf and mofo
christs this is what happens
this poor kid this poor kid what are we
going to do what are we going to do oh
God give me the next one give me the
next one yeah no that's the yep that's
the one we just did yep next one there
we go and um look the kid says he
confesses I have done a terrible
thing right a terrible thing this is a
violation it's a violation of cult
custom this is not how you use the
drug what did he miss out on what did
the kid miss out
on the cup it's a cop every any amateur
knows this is not how it works if you
had been initiated punk you would have
known okay or if you were initiate ated
you weren't paying attention things done
a very specific way and I'm sure this
happens a lot in these initiatory Cults
right if you're not being properly
guided right by the
authorities through this process of
healing that takes place through opening
your
mind by putting you into death and
bringing you
back if you know than can go wrong so
they did here and the kid got pay
attention dude little dude I kind of
feel like he deserves it does anybody
else out there satanic congregation this
dude got what he gets hahaa you can't
even feel your hands nummy hands let's
call him Tommy nummy hands no Timmy I'm
sorry Timmy Timmy nummy hands fantastic
give it to me you see the demons they're
very specific about
names okay all you ready what does the
kid say oh look it's your fault Thomas
cuz I took the
seal right I received it I received the
seal have you been sealed in the the
modernday faith-based
religious Knuckleheads will
say here it's your
head yeah
seal slap you on the top of the head if
your
charismatic right right you're sealed
that's not what this is talking about
what is that fris people give me the
next one people it's a drug they're
talking about a specific drug made
appropriately by
priestesses Jesus Don't You
Want Jesus Christ Jesus Christ do you
ever listen do you ever listen no and
that's the problem nobody does to these
texts and so then you and I can sit
around and we can get taken into back
alleys with people telling us all sorts
of
stories because nobody goes to the
text nobody let's go to them let's go to
them pour it out chewy give me give me
that give me the limn in again I just
want people to remember remember the liy
and seal people right right a tablet
right of LMI and medicinal Earth why is
it coming from the earth that's what I
want you to think about tonight because
tonight I'm going to bring it to you and
throw it in your face it's from that
which is dug from the ground it is from
the metallic
go do you understand it is this
pharmacon that we are using
in our rights do you want to see us do
you want to see us using them you sick
they're all sick you're all perverts
lashes for all the appropriate
distribution of punishments for those
who are
perverted God feels good it feels good
now why you say why AR and why would you
bring out the crop and why would you
demonstrate such things like this
because you've got to understand
sometimes when you deliver a pizza you
need a horse
crop let's go just keep going keep going
love it me too who was that oh Gandy by
the way Gandy Gandy you just did that
because you want me to say you want me
to give a shout out to you Gandy didn't
you you did you wanted me to give you a
shout out because these texts Gandy is
the one who ired these I was looking all
over for him right these Greek texts
okay thank you Gandy shout out give me
the next one oh god um what did we even
finish that yeah we did okay so look at
this people um the kid says look you
know why is there's a girl who ends up
getting killed here right what's
happening right well turns out he's
going through the drug process with
Peter in in a group right with other
people they talk about doing it with
other people right when uh uh Thomas
excuse me not Peter Thomas lays down the
spiritual law right he talks about
unions if someone enters in to a
polluted Union most especially that
which is MOA you know what MOA is MOA is
when you're sitting there and you're
looking across your neighbor's yard
mowing on a Saturday
morning you're looking across there and
all of a sudden out she comes oh and you
kind of duck behind a bush you know what
I mean you know what I mean and you look
in there and you're like
wow you know anybody home um that what
you have in your
mind this is my hair do you understand
me it's that
energy that zaps you that has complete
and total control and the Christians the
earliest Christians according to the
acts of Thomas said it is this sexual
drive that is the root of evil that is
why you must drive it out in order to
have ionic life if you switch your
intercourse to
ionic you will be
pure do you see what that allows for it
allows for me to put you into a state of
death to bring you to a place of arousal
and
climax to bring you back from an
oblivion of coma where you have in
visioned what is beyond
death do you understand when you come
back you will see what is
unseen I am the twin
Christ says Thomas do you know why that
was Jesus he was doing he was like
calling him that and stuff you know what
I mean you know what I mean he's like
twin Christ baby right
Deus right oh God love it oh it's so
gorgeous do you see what happens through
I'm going to take the part of Thomas
right just let me I know it's creepy I
know it's creepy but let me just assume
you're sitting there on your throne by
the way congregation you're sitting on
your throne everything good fine this is
how I want you to see it through that
syian medicine I want you to see it
through that fumigation I want you to
see what do we have I am
Thomas and if you will come to me I will
cast out your sexual demon and give you
ionic
life isn't that
nice between the two of us we can
generate a third because Wherever We
Come Together Jesus is there
wait what yeah yeah we can both hear and
see
him do you remember Paul Paul was
banging on this stuff he was blasted out
of his mind said I got blasted up what
happened did he get blasted up to I
don't know because I don't know that
architecture right I can only tell you
what they've told me but I can tell you
this he was there in immune to the
Venom he was on it kicking and it wasn't
the pythia who was taking him there
that's who it's supposed to be it's
supposed to be the pythia what are you
doing with gam Jesus he's got 12 of
them he's got 12 cups one of them sits
on his lap do you
understand do you understand oh God God
where is the last supper and why was
Jesus clothed didn't he take off his
clothes did anybody recognize that Jesus
Christ took off his clothes in front of
a room of
teenagers yeah
youths took off his clothes and washed
their feet the youngest one could sit on
his lap and come up to his breast nobody
noticed that do you know why you didn't
notice
that yeah because you theology stuck up
your
brain you've been taken to the back
alley and you know what we're here to
free you satanic congregation is here to
free you and how do we do that we don't
do that by you buying mugs we don't do
that by you sending any donations we
don't do that by running any sort of
advertisement and if they are running I
know people have complained to me
they're you know they're they're using
advertisements off of you right
sometimes you click on there and some no
I am not
monetized shame on you
people y do you see what the bottom line
is people do you see what it
is
prostitution has many many forms buyers
and sellers and
Merchants oh do you love it do you love
it it's gorgeous give me the the next
one quick kick them up they're just
getting there okay every I can feel it I
can feel it I'm going to force you to
watch the exit by the way that chewy
made tonight before the actual exit
because I want you to see something
gorgeous I just don't want you to miss
it right I don't want you to miss it
it's like a time traveling
Extravaganza right what does this
say oh
God right I loved her very much who are
we talking about we're talking about the
girl who is this what first we had a kid
walks into a place takes a drug called a
Eucharist by this dude who everybody
else is calling a sorcerer mogus that
you and I know is St
Thomas yeah the Apostle to
India yeah so here he is and what's
happening he comes he's got this kid
kids freaked
out help right he's all paralyzed
everything I know that's not funny it's
a little funny it's a little funny just
a little no it's not you cannot make fun
of children who have been paralyzed in
Christian ceremonies meant for the
administration of drugs and other ways
oh it's a violation What happens okay
remember this is early Christianity
right so he's totally in love with this
girl and he needs her you know what I
mean and he wanted to persuade her he
tried to persuade her to become his oos
right that's the person that's lives
with you literally right but he wanted
her to enter in and you can see him
sitting there at the they're sitting
there at the table or something right
discussing it right and he wants her
it's like he's proposing to her right
it's like and he really loves her right
he really loves her and what happens he
says I want you to enter into
h k
what is that what is that that is a holy
and purged or
cleansed
polya a polya that is an association
that you have that you usually refer to
as citizens of one
group right because Christianity is um
its own group its own
society and the laws you can see within
the Society here the laws within the
society that when you enter into a union
it has to be a Union within the
church right it has to be a Union within
the church right has to be a holy union
now here's the problem he's going to
explain to her what that requires she's
got to have
Thomas expell our demons do you
understand this is a holy Union and she
will come to him from now on no more
husband there wasn't one but no more
husband if there
was okay do you understand why this is
so disruptive to Civil Society in Rome
do you understand people are walking
away from their families right they're
walking away from mothers and fathers
they're going to say that they're going
to say that what is it something tells
me these apostles were up to know good
listen
LT listen
LT we got to cast out those
demons right we got to cast out those
demons there's only one way to do
it right the proper way to do it is
having Jesus show up if Jesus doesn't
show up you're doomed that's the mark
that everybody gets sealed with it's a
place you get drugged
into do you understand where you can now
see and hear what is
invisible and not there oh my
God oh my God Christianity at its
absolute best do we have babies in Hell
tonight we do
um ladies and gentlemen of satanic
congregations ladies and gentlemen I'm
very happy to present to you tonight
babies in hell can we just get a preview
chewy of babies in hell oh that's right
that's right it's coming okay take it
down take it down we spoil it right take
it down babies in Hell who wants to go
to hell speaking of that let's go to
hell are you ready was that let's make
sure I finished all that last one and
yeah no okay but it says you know what
she didn't want to she was sitting there
and she didn't want to she didn't want
to ENT this Union and you know me I was
like dude I do not want you to enter
into an Unholy Union because Thomas what
did he say before Thomas already said um
you don't have ionic life this way in
order to get ionic life do you
understand you must have your sex demons
purged it has to be a holy purged POA do
you understand no a
gar all right we can't take that that
pora it's got to be from the cop or else
you're going to end up like this
kid right you see him he's still there
like oh okay anyway that's that's not
nice don't make fun of this poor drugged
kid did he just do that I can't believe
that I can't believe that so what did he
do um he killed her right he didn't want
her right she didn't want it look people
long story short she didn't want it
enter the
[Music]
cult right forget that Association I
don't want marry into you you perverts
right Your Leader is a a wizard drug
pedaling wizard I don't want to enter
into that group right so what is he do
he doesn't want her not to have ionic
life so he kills
her he kills her ah does he does he oh
this is getting okay okay look now you
know somebody's going to go to hell
right now who do you think it is that's
going to go to hell I told you we would
send somebody to hell we're going to do
it through Metallica are you ready are
you ready here she
is and you say what yes we're sending
her to hell we're sending her to
hell right okay let's see what happens
long story short Thomas is going to
revive
her right he's going to show the
kid how it works and they're going to
revive her and then being the good
mystery priests they are they're going
to find out what she
did do you understand this is how you
send somebody to the Beyond and bring
him back there is always a
murder a murder involving
Wizards that's
why the
apocalypse The Book of John the great
Revelation that's why it talks about
don't be those people who were the
murderers and
Sorcerers who used
that
prostitution the temple prostitution
that cup of
pora do you understand Paul was trying
to get him to stop too right why because
Paul had
ganam what do you need Helen for that's
what they called her what do you need
Helen for if you've got ganid this stuff
comes right from ganam too what are we
talking about poly Pharmacy and using
Humanity as a means of
creating drugs
right
medicine right we're bringing Health why
because it comes from her
body do you understand did you know that
your body has the ability to produce
drugs isn't it amazing isn't it gorgeous
you see and I'm going to show you
somewhere we have to go though in order
to get there and you're not going to
want to go there you're
not the eye opening it's always
difficult ult it's always difficult give
me the next one quick we're boy we're T
we're slow tonight I'm sorry people but
let's get you know I know your time is
valuable so let's hit the high points Mo
what does that mean to commit adultery
seriously right remember the lady cross
the yard to deot right she came over
once she was like how you doing I was
like I'm doing pretty good right I look
like a deer I think um anyway we'll
continue that story later it
metaphorically what is that saying
metaphorically this word for committing
adultery is also the word for worshiping
idolatrous Tre Idol Oh wor worshiping
Idols right and what are the sources
there notice it's the Lex it's the septu
agent septu agent it's the Bible people
want to we just go there and see how
they're using the word
k a hey pora and everybody says oh
there's some pora her pora oh
God right her
pora you want to see how she's doing it
look at the last
[Music]
line what is
sheing she is using the wood in the
stone she's using the wood and the stone
do you see why idolatry is the
same idolatry is the
same as
fornication do you see why it is because
of the wood and the stone and when she
uses it you're going to have the
communion you're gonna have the
communion are you ready it's a communion
of death you say what communion of death
this is black Bible after all right it's
a communion of death oh we're going
there I don't care I don't care anymore
let's keep going chewy hit it another
star system look what happened oh so the
kid
shows Tom Right Thomas what happened he
shows him he they go and they find her
there right she's outside the city in
this little little place and she's
sitting she's laying there right just
like we showed you and what what does
uh Thomas say oh
God this is crazy
mixing right wait what yeah oh M this
makes this give me the next I need to
jump ahead he says it's what he says
this is a
manic crazy
inducing
mingling he looks at the girl who's
laying there
dead and what does he what does he see
the first thing he sees is he says oh
God this is a this is an Unholy
intercourse right now don't worry it's
not like he's saying I kuramba it's a
Unholy intercourse right like he's a
bonee head right no he's not saying
that right he's saying oh my
goodness the the kid
is doing it he's
performing that Duality with her and
she's
dead right and he thinks he's killed her
he thinks he's killed her and what
happens see this is what happens when
you let your kids Christians play with
these drugs man this kind of stuff's
going to happen why do you think he was
trying to do that to her why do you
think he was trying to do that because
those drugs increase sexual
appetite they increase sexual drive they
use them that way for people with
problem impotence
problems okay when you're christing
you're sailing with these sex drugs on
board all
right what do you think what do you
think Thomas is calling it a union right
he even tells you what kind of cult
Union it is for the love of Satan my God
man oh everybody tries to blame
everybody everybody let's go hit me with
the next one I mean go back to the one
that was before yeah boom the long one
that long one there we go fantastic he
says oh this crazy this crazy coupling
this cult sex craziness he says oh the
epia oh the horniness
people there's no mistaking this any
classist can look at this and say yeah
this is all about sex people and he's
calling them out and what is this it's
the work of the
snake it's the work of the
snake do you
understand there is even a sect of these
people these Christians called of
fites do you know what they do they have
seon communion
baby right right ofits and Sean
communion check it
out so what does he say here he says uh
look this
sexfest what's going on and he says look
get me some water next one he says get
me some water and this is this is kind
of interesting I know you've got a
depiction of this coming up right be why
what is he about to show you he's about
to show you the power of Salvation ready
bring his water up right bring his water
up what happens he gets a water and he
invokes into this water the power of the
Holy Spirit why because look at him dude
he's got it right he's dude's with it
right what is he doing he's going to
bring down into the water this power so
that the kid who messed up and killed
this girl could wash himself and be
filled with power do you know what
happens when you talk about cleaning up
boys you bring yourself back to that
Upper
Room okay you're going back into the
cult and as proof of that Thomas is
about to give him more drugs he's gonna
drug him
again right oh God give me the next one
chewy give me the next one yeah this one
no next one and what happened so um the
Apostle they got some water right when
it was brought in he said come water
listen this listen
listen what's he say come Waters from
The Living
Waters right right ah what's he do he
makes a a way for him to cleanse
himself right it what do we do in these
rights baby you're just watching the
rights take place it's kind of fun right
what's he doing okay good you got to get
everybody take take a bath P didy says
you got to be so tall you got to take a
bath bro you got to be there clean that
person off right scrub him down get him
clean after all we're bringing the power
of the Holy
spir which is a magical operation at the
time so for those of you who are trying
to reconcile this text with your fairy
tale Faith Christianity of the New
Testament it doesn't you can't people
you can't reconcile it this is what
early Christians
did it's just another document now
what's funny is people say here so this
is for the scholars tonight this is for
you Scholars you lazy packs of
horse okay do you know why we do that to
Scholars oh that one left a ringing in
the ear it did that was
really um the scholars why do we do that
because the scholars didn't never do
their jobs right they never do and all
they do is spread propaganda that helps
them to sell books so that Chumps like
me and you can read them and think we
know something
right it's the it's the circus it's the
circus of oh I was just going to say
something naughty I was GNA say
something naughty I know you want me to
but I can't I can't let's keep this
friendly to the family right friendly to
the family we're all family here crack
the
whip didn't you all have an uncle that
whipped things um stepping out in the
hot fire yeah exactly okay give me let's
go to hell right back to Hell back to
hell we we're not there yet right we're
just pushing her we're about to bring
her back and then we'll ask her what's
it like in Hell Baby right give it to me
remember this is Christian come out
right oh God God come out and you know
make a tent
right in these Waters you're going to be
the living Essence in these Waters in
order that the charisma
of the Holy Spirit can completely
complete this completion bring her here
hallelujah right only they said ol Ludo
because they were all speaking
great fantastic here they are it's the
Charisma we want of that Holy Spirit I
don't know where he gets that stuff I
don't know where's the Holy Spirit get
his
Charisma right it's divine Mojo did
anybody know about that he's the one who
came upon the
Virgin nobody seems to point that out
right right it's his
Charisma do you know what drips off of
Aphrodite
Charisma did you forget that we were in
a right that involved
unions physical unions between people
there's got to be a lot of charisma
the drugs and the song
facilitate the
Charisma do you understand how it
works oh God L stays we are pirates
people didn't you know the whole time I
just want you to see the
value the value of the person because we
can get so much for each
one right and we can make him do
anything we can make him do anything do
you see the
business that is behind
religion this is the business behind
Judaism Christianity and Islam it's
why my Muslim Brothers will be
inheriting how many of these
prostitutes yeah you're going to end up
with a lot right fantastic you better
take some
acid let's do do the next one it's sad
people that's satire do you hear me it's
sad it's so cripplingly sad because
nobody nobody
cares it's amazing no oh I'm sorry chewy
what the hell chew's like what are you
talking about I talking about those
girls in Afghanistan man talking about
those girls we abandoned right in
Afghanistan what a shame what a shame I
hope they stand up I hope they stand up
someday tell those people what they can
do with their burkas give me the next
one yeah what is this oh and why do I do
that people because we are
Athenians right we follow democracy we
worship the Virgin on the hill I know
it's hard for you to picture that in
your brain because you're programmed to
think of a dude who's getting executed
all the
time right
it's a shame it's a shame oh the sense
of security the sense of security that
we have is sh is
remarkable right it's just gonna get
it's just the start give me give it to
me all right here we go um this is not
just the start this is we're still going
look people what happened I just want
you to notice um his real intent I
brought this because his real intent was
to guard her Holiness do you understand
because this
sexuality is the element of the mystery
that was
removed by
Christianity okay this
element of the Divine
female right and the
communion that she has was removed was
excised from Christ
Christianity everything that you have
received since that
exision is fake
history it's fake history you have a
document that isn't even there were
never any Christians like any of you
sitting there anywhere there were never
any Christians like
that these are the Christians give it to
me Chewy show them what the Christians
are doing it's people I just want to
help I want to help people out there who
struggling I know there are pastors who
watched me there are pastors right they
know the Bible they know these things so
this stuff clicks with them when you
bring these texts it just clicks with
them and they suddenly realize oh God
that's what Jesus was do that makes
sense right I was wondered about
that right oh God what does this
say um so I want you to note within the
context of all this sexual ity the only
reason
Timothy or Thomas excuse me the only
reason Thomas ra I get all of his boys
mixed up man um the only reason Timothy
remember he's good-look because when
yeah no Timothy uh Thomas Thomas is
good-looking right Judas Thomas right
this the same guy and Thomas is
goodlooking and I we know that because
when Jesus tried to sell him chewy um
the I looked him over right and he was
picking between Thomas and I forget who
the other philli maybe it was and he
said oh yeah no Thomas is he's the best
right right winky dinky what does this
say the same guy Thomas you know the
good looker he's one he's like oh I feel
really bad about this girl who is
knocked out here seemingly
dead and the kid thinks he killed her
right and um I feel bad for
and I'm going to do something about it
why because she is one hot
girl right what do you mean girl what is
Thomas talking about hot girls hot girls
can you be more specific with an age you
we're talking the Kora Now isn't that
appropriate isn't that appropriate
because we're talking about the mystery
of Resurrection who do we resurrect at
lucus
the great Kora the great Kora and I want
you to see that first line in the Greek
it had the thing that looks like the
letter that looks like an F an English F
but it's not an F it's a diama it's a
diama it's that indiv it's that
invisible letter that follows the oops
around I just wanted you to see this
girl right we get down to references
right references to virginity maidenhood
etc etc etc the girl that he has done
this to is El
Mor you know what I'm talking
about does anybody know what El Mor is
it's
literally she of the well
shapeliness oh God her shapeliness is
very very well done
bravo bravo so Thomas is interested so
he goes over in a nice little Det
tail would they have left my ass on the
ground right let the oh let the poisons
get to him right ugly bastard right is
that what they would have done that's
what they would have done they know they
would that's what that's what it is it's
what it is give it to me give it to me
uh next one yes there oh there so what
Happ okay so at this point what do we do
there she is right Thomas freak and his
little kid freak
right who's killed somebody because he
didn't want her having sex what
happens oh God
so what is out
torn he sealed him he sealed him and all
the Christians will say oh he's put a
little
sign little sign of the little sign of
the cross on in oil
yeah no he's
applying that
Metallica do you understand you will
conquer under that power that's why
everybody around Thomas is calling him a
sorcerer a user of drugs a user of drugs
a sorcerer is a user of
drugs it is one word it's just that the
victorians and people for couldn't come
up with the idea sorcerer sorcerer right
okay somebody who's employing drugs to
affect your mental state do you
understand that's how they bewitch
you do you understand I I'm telling you
we can take anybody we can drug them we
can put them through a sex right and put
them through these this
awfully horrify horrifying experience
right it's an a fear inducing experience
right um that meets in a
climax we can do that and raise them up
they'll be a totally different person
you can do this to people's minds and it
turns out out the drugs facilitate the
process that the music drives
forward media's music was more potent
they said than even her drugs and she
had the most powerful drugs around okay
so the music was driving that gorgeous I
absolutely love that I absolutely love
that yeah no it's okay CH says how's
that give me the next one because I want
to I want to finish strong and give
these people something look people we're
going to take a slight detour and defy
luminous just for 30 seconds and we're
going to see this is a work of his on
poisonous animals I just want you see um
look at the line the first uh word in
this line is
these are headings right for each of the
chapters and he's got an entire chapter
on the sunis the Chings this is just
christing number 57 I just want to add
it to the list right what are we chising
for we're chising for
those
reptiles right those crawling
things right and the bites that you
receive from those wild animals right
these are the boy these are the things
that will treat those conditions what
are they they're christing drugs when
Jesus said you'll
drink the
serpent right won't hurt you right
you'll expose yourself right well you
know hey they were putting it up their
backsides right because that's where you
get the effects right so um he said he
said you'll drink a thos seon a death
inducer right and it's not going to hurt
you where do you think they're getting
all the christing remedies from right
people said oh it's not Christ we can't
talk about christing as a drug that
you're putting into your eyes right
because that doesn't exist well yeah it
does it exists right in the Bible you
just didn't see it you ignorant little
piss ants oh I'm sorry I'm sorry that
was not no no it's the people
right it's the people I'm reaching out
to you I'm reaching out to you because I
don't want you to continue on your quest
of ignorance toward a person who you
don't even understand what his name and
the title Christ is you don't even
understand what that
is I want you to see it we're christing
people in sex rights do you understand
we are elevating our vision we're being
being born again and if you can't get it
because you do missionary that's your
problem just don't complain when you
can't raise the flag give it to me give
it to me God Bless America have we had a
14 oh here it is everybody wants to see
what is this I'll just explain it
everybody wants to see
Jesus with a naked kid in a public park
in the Bible people it's in the Bible
please don't censor me it's in the Bible
they want to see the Bible Mark 14:51 52
where Jesus gets arrested in a public
park with a naked kid right okay fine
there you wanted it you wanted it you
got it you know nobody can answer that
so far by the way
nobody nobody has an answer for that kid
right you know what their only argument
is he's a
pervert Yeah and I'm breaking down your
doors of your church and your synagogue
and your mosque and I'm taking your
Bibles and your qurans and your
toras and I'm showing you I'm exposing
you like you
deserve why because you need to be free
bro you need to be free my monest
brothers and sisters you need to be free
welcome to freedom freedom is looking
exactly into the eyes of that
pit let's go okay we got a couple come
on Alan you're working it up too long
it's taking too long give it to me give
it to me here it is oh God watch this
people watch this okay
look I want you to see in one of these
medical texts um he's talking about a
rising up of the Flesh and response to
the
Aniston what is that give me the next
one what is that it's a little pricker
it's a little pricker right um a fish
hook a little hook or a spindle
generally a hook right you can get a
respon out of the flesh watch this what
happens when we take that hook um and we
apply it in the right what happens when
we add the
iron to the
right watch the magic happen and um the
Apostle um um raises her it doesn't say
this um says this before the Apostle
raises her right and she sits up and she
sees the Apostle right standing there
now transiting standing there right
across from her right and she jumps out
of the bed and she falls down before his
feet right and um she says hey I'm in NE
I'm in real need of you Lord right she's
talking to Thomas right and she says
since um this this is the man who was
with me wait what a minute one a minute
and didn't leave me is she talking to
him I think so and didn't leave me right
and took her to this terrible awful
place right she's talking she just got
revived what happened to her she got
taken to a terrible awful place it was
stinky too it was stinky too I'm going
to show you that in a minute but there's
a reason that it stank in a certain way
are we going to hell we are we are are
you ready there's a Twist in the end so
don't be too secure in yourself give me
the next one give me the next one let's
go right into hell what did she see
Thomas asks her he says what did you see
right he says to her ex gayi him
in tell us tell us where you went and so
the text says I'm translate she answered
him and she said yeah um you know you're
the one with me right
right wait wait a minute okay kind of
strange right and with whom right this
thing was given um I'm going to change
that from with him to by whom by whom
this ceiling this process was
given she began to speak
anthropos some guy came up to me he took
me and this dude did not look good at
all and and he was very he had a very
dark kind of scary
aspect right and his clothes were foul
baby this guy had been rooting around
some kind of trash Heap or something
right did really stank right and this oh
god what happened so he leads me over he
leads me over to this place where there
are these massive holes these pits right
and out of these pits are coming
this this terrible
smell right and this Vapor just like
wafting out of these things right right
and so um what happens she looks into
the chasms and what does she see she
sees a fire that is incendiary it's just
burning just blazing fire give me the
next one blazing fire are you ready I
told you we're going to go to hell right
everybody knew there'd be fire right I
hope you didn't dress too warmly right
and um what does she see in the chasm
with this she saw this fire and there
were these
tro these Troy of
fire now you and I know because we've
seen these are the
drugs it's another word for drug it's a
large it's so specific It's a larger
pill than normal you might say a horse
pill right the small ones are the
trisco and what are all the people doing
in hell they're under the influence it
says of the
drugs let's see what happens wait a
minute this is hell I thought I took
drugs here and then I went to hell no
turns out you go to hell and you take
drugs in
hell now let's see what happens now it's
not happy right this isn't please for
those of you are like dude I'm going
just hang on just hang on before you
before you give it a second thought you
know give go ahead give me and um so
these tro fire these these fire drugs
right and that's very specific because
they have what it's called the seeds of
fire in them right um they are the one
they're exerting their power right and
these Souls they're under these
influence they're struggling they're
struggling with each other and they're
shouting they're
shouting and what are they what are they
doing they're making ol lugos they're
making this mournful Hallelujah did you
know Hallelujah goes both ways you can
say it when the bell's being rung
Hallelujah Mary you know what I mean or
you can say it the other way oh
Hallelujah right this is the second of
those two they're making Morning Sounds
in hell you know where they're making
morning soundss there's nobody there to
cleanse them the fire is burning off the
things they did the fire is burning it
off right These Are the souls he says
that are just like
you I saying that to the you know Mr Mr
dark right he's like whoo mystery this
is Mystery dark goat man you know what I
mean right and what is he saying there
he seeing there people who are suspended
by the power of the drugs in a state in
a state do you know who these are these
are the people that we send
right do you get it do you understand
the functioning of the mystery it's the
physics people I'm telling you it's the
physics just follow the physics keep
going the Christian these Christian
orgies are fantastic give me the next
one give me the next one what happens he
says look you know for L you know pretty
good number right they have a they have
a certain time to be punished he says
right and to be really rubbed down it's
not really it's like broken down down
right
e right process of breaking you
down right and when they're done these
people in Hell the next batch comes in
right and after that it just goes after
just keeps going over and over and over
and I want to read you the last line of
this that he says
alai
as
metas
Andros oh God
what look at the second to last word
there's our
Metallica there's our Metallica is it
right there give it to me Chewy give it
to
me what are they doing they are using
the
Metalica to
switch their
duality of male and
female they're using the drug
to enter a place of
switching right I'm going to show it to
you I'm going to show it to you on the
Greek but just so you know what is that
which is
Metallica right it's something that's
mind mind what do you mean mind taken
out of the ground you have to diligently
search in the ground and what do you
find look at number two at the bottom
metallic what do you mean metallic f
that is what is the Metallica the
drugs that's both Galen and dioris there
he mentions two
Physicians gayen goes to limnos and he
buys 20,000 of these
pills right this is not you know it's a
big deal an Antiquity it's not like this
stuff is hiding and cannot be easily
uncovered right it's just
ridiculous right there they are
what is this text saying go back to that
text what is this text saying these are
those who use the Metallica to what next
one to switch over their sun
usia right to find that place that is
both masculine and
feminine right that
Union to enter into that Union I told
you these Christian rights are sexual
rights they are sexual rights and what
are the people
doing what are the people doing who are
being
punished they're entering into those
very same rights and their bre their
fetuses are there to cry out against
them where are they bring the babies on
do you know what's around these people
exactly what you're seeing here you
could not have captured it better this
is what the text says it says the babies
are rising
around wrestling each other combat right
with each other you see that baby in the
back he's about to he's about to give
that other baby an uppercut you know
what I mean it's an angry do we have any
more babies in Hell babies in hell and
why are they there people they're a
testimony who are they torturing with
the babies in hell and Thomas you're
torturing people who were
unfaithful to their spouses if you are
unfaithful to your spouse this is what
your baby
does right right this is the baby Rumble
now when I say Unfaithful your spouse
what I mean is you did not have a holy
Union you did not have a holy Union this
is where your kids are going to end up
do you see now make sure you understand
the middle image of the fighting babies
right we have people suspended by their
tongues they're floating in the air
suspended by their
tongues fire is coming out of them why
why is that fire coming out of
them it's because of those drugs man
it's because of those drugs
let's see what happens do you know who
it was I think it was a it was the
person right it was the person there we
are where the right now imagine right
right below this person being suspended
what is she looking at she's looking at
an upside down huddle of babies on fire
punching each
other right biting each other doing you
know what I'm talking about when you're
at the grocery store you see that
chewy knows what I'm talking about right
right those 18-month-olds they get the
eye on you and they're like next thing
you know she's like Daddy right the kids
looking at me oh they all do that
right you're not going to see that
baby's right hook in hell but it's there
and it's there for you to contemplate as
you hang upside down give me the next
one do we go to the right place I think
we asked for me man look I just want you
to see this is the passage that says
their fetuses right it's bre it's even
earlier than like newborn it's like
they're fetuses right maybe these are
the ones that are aborted maybe that's
what they are now think about that for a
minute think about that what's going on
in the mind of the author who's writing
this right because what do we know is
associated with these ancient cult sex
rights whether they're Christian or not
or a different sect these mystery Cults
what what do we know for a fact they're
controlling birth through abortion
directly sometimes they're taking the
abortive Fati they're applying it right
it's something that you you use you see
a lot of it in like douching processes
you expose the body to an irritant
essentially that will kick out and expel
that undeveloped fetus and then if
you're meatman you eat that fetus along
with your
children that you are
selling do you understand if you want to
maintain meatman
mentality you're gonna have to do this
did you see what Thomas said he said
this is crazy stuff man this is the
crazy sex right do you understand the
wizard knows man Gandalf knows a lot
more than you think that's why I don't
like Gandalf man because he's never on
the up and
up dude's always with Hobbits
talking about no okay I can't do I can't
do it I'm sorry I can't do it I don't
want to go there you know what I mean
let's go to the next one we leave that
leave that to them right let's figure
out the real before we screw up the
fairy tale fantastic um what happens
here so look I just want you to see
she's looking into the chasms right and
she kind of tiptoes and leans over the
edge and what does she see Bor Boron if
you are a Bart now people laugh at me
and they say oh when he puts down
English and he says it's a bog trotting
language I'm doing that from text baby
because look at the word here in great
borbon what is that it's a it's a ground
that is moist and kind of Tak takes you
into it when you walk through it you
leave big Impressions it's sticky it's
hard to pull you slog your feet through
those bogs and you're bore bore bore
bore bore bore and what do they call
people like this they live in in London
right they live in sorry sorry London
this is ancient London right which was
nothing which was absolutely nothing
right
why
language language is
why Bar Bar Bar Bar
Bar there was only one M language from
Antiquity that was
music music
in a verbal
form that's life baby and it was ancient
Greek mother Greek we love you baby so
hot and it gets me it gets my goat when
people don't appreciate the
gorgios of ancient Greek and they think
that all languages are born the same
right they're
not the cross hides a multitude of sin
underneath that cross are all those
illegitimate language languages with
your de tiny
vocabularies there's a lot of them
people there's a lot thank you Penelope
for coming people the the point of
Penelope is to show you behind the cross
are a multitude of sins and that cross
is hiding those sins from you love you
Penelope I love her so much not quite
sure but I why go to the next one I I
don't know it's the did you see bring
her back up here now that we did this
look seriously I feel responsible you
know this is a living being man
Penelope's living being but let's just
say look at the look at the coat on her
that's absolutely gorgeous look at it
it's so soft right it's like Sleek right
for the congregation that has goats out
there right look look at the confirmated
look at those little muscles that's
gorgeous right and she's got kind of a
funny look in her face right like I know
more than you dummy right I love it you
got to love goats man everybody go join
your 4H group tell them almond sent you
to find beautiful goats give me the next
one quick before they think about the
goats anymore look um these are the
souls of women who are suspended there
you know what we're going to do we're
going to take these wom we're going to
throw them into a bog a bog full of
skolas full of worms and the worms are
crawling on them and the soul you can
tell total misogynous R is right and
their souls right their souls are going
to be tortured there oh
God these are the souls of the women who
turned away from their men they turned
to other men right right and they
entered into this oh God this is why
they're being tortured here somebody
turn up the babies for these women right
do you see why sex is considered by
Christianity to be the ultimate Evil do
you see why Eve is
blamed right it's strictly the sex thing
strictly the
sex right she was supposed to be the
element of Adam's
invulnerability that is nothing like
what you are talking about when you say
well she was the one who brought the sin
into the
world
right what is on her
body is not in need of covering with a
cross
Antiquity that figured out democracy
they didn't need that
cross show the beauty that was the that
was the result give me the next couple
of text and then we're done people this
is going to get kind of a little bit
dark here right um please next one and
what happens these Souls right they're
suspended there by their tongues and
they're called Devils why because they
spoke things that were false things they
were not ashamed to speak but they
should have been right they should have
been
it's that
tongue it's that tongue by which you are
suspended now satanic congregation we
got off the space time ship a long time
ago and you were looking at these people
as they're laying there in the midst of
their rights and you can see their
tongues of fire you can see their
tongues of fire and every charismatic in
the country every charismatic on the
continent every charismatic on the
planet just sat up and went huh
something Tangled it somewhere right
some of them were driving and they felt
something tingle is there something on
the seat what's going on right why
because this is the heart of that
charismatic movement it is legitimate
Christians were charismatic
first first and how do we get those
drugs we get those drugs from these
rights don't you be taking a cup of
porna that belongs to Lady Babylon do
you understand does it now make sense
why the books are written the way they
are of course it does this is what the
theologians do not want you to have this
is what rabbis priests and mullus do not
want you to have they don't want you to
have access to those Originals that's
why they do things like ban books this
is one of the books they banned because
it presents
Christianity as a drug fueled sex
right fantastic lastly let's go I think
there's a couple yeah um who are the
these people who are these people who
lie so much you're gonna love this are
you ready are you ready they are the gno
caloy they're those with the shaven
heads
those with the shaven
heads all right all right let's do the
syian thing let's do the cityian thing
finally um something really neat
something really neat I'll just say it
um
okay they're gonna look in hell I'm
sorry um but if you have lived your life
take it down I'm just going to
paraphrase it if you have lived your
life ready hold yourself to the standard
is the Christian standard if you have
lived your life seeking
gain if you have lived your life seeking
gain you are going to be suspended in
hell yeah you're going to be suspended
tortured grievously grievously tortured
wait wait what um that's the standard I
didn't say if you're looking for
something over and above what takes you
to survive I didn't say
that I said
gain is that what your life is about
gain right you know the artists out
there you know you can't do that with
your art you got art and you got
gain you know what I mean it's Purity
the that reason you can't prostitute
reason baby that's why she's so powerful
in science because you can't prostitute
her right reality is reality give me the
next one that that's metal isn't it
isn't that metal I love that I love that
um by the way thanks Teddy for the
gorgeous song I was goingon to play
chewy again but I'll think I'll just
leave that exit for the exit look what
happens here I I lined you up for whole
bunch of stuff finally she's there in
the Underworld she's watching all this
horor she sees the babies and she sees
the Liars right and now she comes to the
cave the Anon right and what happens in
the cave it's very dark it's very dark
and to make long story short Place
stinks again oh God it stinks and the
souls that are there look when they get
finished they rotate them out and this
is like their collection point where
they get booted out right and there's at
this cave there are these terrible
Vapors coming out and there are these
women in their their oh they're sucking
bad air bad air looks look like fish out
of water and all they're trying to do is
get out of that cave but there are
Guardians in the cave they won't let
them out they won't let them out no
everything has to proceed naturally and
your
purgation is the
mystery this is the surprise
welcome welcome to
hell this thing you call life is your
purgation this is the
kingdom of the
devil and it's all about you getting
what you
deserve right so you can be a prisoner
or you can be a guard and you can pick
up that whip and you can help Purge I
love it I love it last one last one was
there anything beautiful in this one I
just want to see oh y no this Oh look
The People burst out and they're like
look they're talking to Thomas they said
look this is where we're from right we
have parasia we have that Free Speech
right through these
rights oh God what are these people left
go ahead and take it down what do these
people say that they've done they said
look we have left the text goes on we
have left mothers we have left fathers
we have left husbands we have left
wives
we have
left
children to
be
part of an ionic
life we have had our eyes open we gave
you everything oh I forget to mention
that you give all of your Earthly
possessions to the guy who casts out
your sexual demons while you're in a
semic comos narcotized state
aphrodisiacs throwing flowing through
your
blood and you're dying and this person
is bringing you to sexual climax while
you
do yeah sounds like you've been there
sounds like you've been to that py
party right please people
tonight's episode is brought to
you by the
Metallica it is the
earthborn
healing
power that brings back the
mystery our job is to
profane that mystery to bring it out in
the
open so that you can see
it and so that you can be free thank you
for coming
tonight Hil
Satan Jesus if you riding with me pip
Piper worthy pee the devil who stole the
babies shining lights eyes to see the
sud masquerade of the Devil Woman Dragon
Queen
Diana Athena
Sunny
disposition walking on the wide side
sail away to the lands far Where the
Wild Things Are dipping Dragon Venoms
free digital scale for your dope dealing
pill crushing bad [ __ ] addiction Fus to
Black mirrors the living death for what
is real
Oria scool up
[Music]
Med the Sorceress culture the crow
slaves to the dop tail Satan full of
gypsy
tears
Bo can do it like I came call me the
bo I'm going